https://www.kaggle.com/pavansubhasht/ibm-hr-analytics-attrition-dataset/home
IBM HR Analytics Employee Attrition & Performance
Predict attrition of your valuable employees

			What can we do with this data set
**choose all factors and do subset using CIA, lasso 
**look into Nural Networks

Factors:
job envirment 
Job sataificstion 
work life balance
age 
job level
Education




The work is at the direction of Dr. Rowe. In the nomination he suggested you would be using data supplied by IBM to 
reveal the factors behind employee attrition and the quality of employee performance at work. The work is to be 
done during the spring semester.

insurance rate is given based on area zip code
working on the datset that benefits their employee preformance
atteriation how many ppl left the company
catogory data had to be conforited to numerical (index values) regrssion


Data Overview

Uncover the factors that lead to employee attrition and explore important questions such as ‘show me a breakdown of
distance from home by job role and attrition’ or ‘compare average monthly income by education and attrition’. This 
is a fictional data set created by IBM data scientists.

Education 1 'Below College' 2 'College' 3 'Bachelor' 4 'Master' 5 'Doctor'

EnvironmentSatisfaction 1 'Low' 2 'Medium' 3 'High' 4 'Very High'

JobInvolvement 
1 'Low' 2 'Medium' 3 'High' 4 'Very High'

JobSatisfaction 1 'Low' 2 'Medium' 3 'High' 4 'Very High'

PerformanceRating 
1 'Low' 2 'Good' 3 'Excellent' 4 'Outstanding'

RelationshipSatisfaction 
1 'Low' 2 'Medium' 3 'High' 4 'Very High'

WorkLifeBalance 1 'Bad' 2 'Good' 3 'Better' 4 'Best'

Kaggle Discussion: 

Daily rate = the amount of money you are paid per day
Percent salary hike = the % change in salary from 2016 vs 2015. 
Relationship satisfaction = how happy is the employee with her colleagues.
Stock option level = how much company stocks you own.




Normality check for variables
The reputation of a company plays an important factor plays a part in:
1)	Worker’s relationship with management
2)	It effects employee’s confidence in the workplace and workload
3)	Relations with customers. Training new employees to satisfy customer’s requires time. If employees are 
	changed often customers take their business elsewhere
4)	Hiring, training, and lost of production cost employer 150% departure employees
